[DTO-5100] BpkChipGroup (#3198)
Skyscanner/backpack: packages/bpk-component-chip-group/README.md

    }, {
      text: 'New York',
    }]}
  />
);
```

### BpkChipGroupSingleSelect

This is a wrapper around a `BpkChipGroup` that only allows a single chip to be `selected`, determined by the `selectedIndex` prop. If no chips should appear selected, this should be `undefined`.

```tsx
const SingleSelectExample = () => (
  <BpkChipGroupSingleSelect
    chips={[
      {
        text: 'London',
      },
      {
        text: 'Berlin',
      },
      {
        text: 'New York',  // will show as selected
      }
    ]}
    selectedIndex={2}
    ariaLabel="Select a city"
  />
);
```

### BpkChipGroupSingleSelectState

A wrapper around `BpkChipGroupSingleSelect` that provides basic state management for selecting/deselecting a single chip in the group. The `initiallySelectedIndex` prop controls the chip that will be selected on **first render only**.

```tsx
const SingleSelectStateExample = () => (
  <BpkChipGroupSingleSelectState
    chips={[
      {
        text: 'London',
      },
      {
        text: 'Berlin',  // will start selected
      },
      {
        text: 'New York',
      }
    ]}
    initiallySelectedIndex={1}
    ariaLabel="Select a city"
  />
);
```

## Props

> [//]: # (TODO: this update to web tab)
> Check out the full list of props on Skyscanner's [design system documentation website](https://www.skyscanner.design/latest/components/chip-group/compose-LwGOKNct).

Reviewer: I've now made this available

```suggestion
Check out the full list of props on Skyscanner's [design system documentation website](https://www.skyscanner.design/latest/components/chip-group/web-4eQsMvYv).
```
